Minimum a11y info (#1440)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/pyvo.mdx

Address: [V Pevnosti, 128 00 Praha 2-Vyšehrad, Czechia](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Na+Hradb%C3%A1ch/@50.0636012,14.4194329,488m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x470b950f8b5821c1:0xedde8ade9cc53dcc!8m2!3d50.0636012!4d14.4220078!16s%2Fg%2F11kjyc47st?hl=en&entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI1MDcwOS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D)

> ## Accessibility
> The venue is an old style beer garden, so most of the seating is outdoors and the floor is uneven grass. (Wheelchair users may find it challenging, but should be fine. Users of other mobility aids should take special care.)
> Outdoor seating is on benches and tables, which may not be suitable for everyone.
> 
> If you have any specific accessibility needs, please let us know in advance so we can do our best to accommodate you.
> 
> ### Rain
> This year's weather is a bit unpredictable. In case of rain the beer garden does have a large tent that can accommodate everyone, so we can continue the event without any issues.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Accessibility
The venue is an old style beer garden: most of the seating is outdoors, and the floor is uneven grass, which may cause inconsistencies for mobility aids. The seating itself is benches connected to tables.

If you have specific accessibility needs, please let us know in advance so we can do our best to accommodate you.

### Rain
The weather is slightly unpredictable, but the beer garden has a large tent that can accommodate everyone if it rains.

```

Simplifying the text a little bit.

- We're making the information available to them: it's their decision on whether or not it will be difficult to manage, so we don't presume such and tell them.
- The critically important information is that there is a tent if rain occurs. No need to mention the possibility of anything being cancelled.
